feat: Adds info on adding teammates to the insights page (#230)
open-sauced/docs: docs/features/insights.md

- Find new contributors to support your project.

To learn more about how to use Insights, check out our [Maintainers Guide](../maintainers/maintainers-guide.md) and our [Understanding Insights Data](../maintainers/understanding-insights.md) pages.

> 

Reviewer: Remove space.

- Find new contributors to support your project.

To learn more about how to use Insights, check out our [Maintainers Guide](../maintainers/maintainers-guide.md) and our [Understanding Insights Data](../maintainers/understanding-insights.md) pages.

## Sharing your your insight page with your teammates

After you've created your insights page, share it with your team.
An insight page is a dashboard containing selected repositories that you and your team can get insights from.
The Insights page provides a centralized and detailed overview of our open-source projects, offering valuable data on contribution trends, community health, and project milestones. By sharing this page with teammates, it ensures that everyone is well-informed about the project's status and can collaborate more effectively. This shared understanding fosters a collaborative environment where team members can align their efforts, make informed decisions, and collectively work toward the organization's success.

> ## Direction

Reviewer 2: @BekahHW is the direction here just to add teammate to Insights Page or also creating an Insight Page?

```suggestion
## Adding Your Teammate to the Insights Page
```

Author: Hi @BekahHW , @adiati98 and @CBID2 . Can I include this recording or I shouldn't?

Reviewer 2: @Lymah123 I think this recording is only to show you what @BekahHW means. So we don't need to include this.

- Go to your open-sauced insight page
- Click on Create New Insight at the top-right corner of the page.
- Fill the form

> - Click on Create 

Reviewer 2: For instruction to create a new Insight Page, please refer to the [docs here](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/maintainers/maintainers-guide-to-open-sauced/#creating-a-new-insight-page).

If what @BekahHW means here is to add direction about sharing Insights Page, we only need to add the instructions about how to share the page.

Reviewer 3: Right, we don't need instruction on how to create an insight page.

- Click on share. The link will be copied, and then shared with your team members

> To learn more on how to use the insight page for effective collaboration, check out here
> 
> [Invite Your Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5ztLP1O7BY)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about inviting your team, check out [this tutorial video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5ztLP1O7BY).
```

- Find new contributors to support your project.

To learn more about how to use Insights, check out our [Maintainers Guide](../maintainers/maintainers-guide.md) and our [Understanding Insights Data](../maintainers/understanding-insights.md) pages.

> ## Sharing Your Insights Page with Your Teammates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sharing Your Insights Page
```

Reviewer 2: @Lymah123 I see that you marked all newest suggestions as resolved, but there are no changes applied as per suggestions.

It's totally okay if you don't take the suggestions, but it would be great if you provide the reasoning behind your thoughts in each suggestion. That way, reviewers can understand your ideas. 🙂 

That said, would you please let me know why you don't apply them?

After you've created your Insights Page, share it with your team.

> Sharing this page with teammates ensures that everyone is well-informed about the project's status and can collaborate more effectively. It fosters a collaborative environment where team members can align their efforts, make informed decisions, and collectively work toward the organization's success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sharing this page with your team ensures that everyone is well-informed about the project's status and can collaborate more effectively. It fosters a collaborative environment where team members can align their efforts, make informed decisions, and collectively work toward the organization's success.
```

> ## How to Share Insights Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to Share Insights Page
```

To share your insights page on OpenSauced, you can follow these steps:

> #### Method 1: Using the Share Button (View Only)
> 
> - Navigate to your OpenSauced insights page.
> - Click on "Explore" at the top left side.
> - Under Explore, you will find options like dashboard, reports, contributors, and activity.
> - At the top right corner, just below your profile picture, click on the "share" icon.
> - The insights page URL will be copied to the clipboard.
> - You can share this URL with anyone, and they will have view-only access to your insights page.

Reviewer 2: "Explore" is different with "Insights". So, let's fix this.
And let's use ordered instead of unordered list. :)

```suggestion
### Method 1: Using the Share Button

This method gives view-only access to your Insights Page.

1. Click the "Insights" tab at the top bar.
2. Click the page that you want to share.
3. On the top right, click the "Share" button to copy the Insights Page URL to the clipboard.
4. Share the URL with your teammates.
```

> #### Method 2: Adding a Teammate (Options for Permissions)
> 
> - Beside the share icon, you will see an "edit" option (where you can modify your insights page). Click on "edit."
> - Scroll down to find the "Add Team Members" section.
> - Enter the email address of the member you want to invite.
> - After entering the email addresses, click on "Send invite."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Method 2: Adding a Teammate

This method allows you to invite your teammates to your Insights Page and offers you options to permit them to be an admin, edit or view the page, or remove them.

1. Click the "Insights" tab at the top bar.
2. Click the page that you want to share.
3. Click the "Edit Page" button on the top right.
4. Scroll down to the "Add Team Members" section.
5. Enter the email address of the teammate you want to invite.
6. Click the "Send invite" button.
    
   Once you click the button, your teammate's email will be listed at the bottom.
7. To select and give permission to your teammate, click the arrow button on the right side of their email.
```
